#合成表，利用程序读取
#null 代表不放东西 out>>代表产物

#dream_god_sword
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_sword	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_sword	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_sword	

#dream_god_helmet
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_helmet	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_helmet	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_helmet	

#dream_god_chestplate
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_chestplate	dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_chestplate	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_chestplate	

#dream_god_leggings
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_leggings	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_leggings	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_leggings	

#dream_god_boots
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_boots	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_boots	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_boots	

#dream_god_axe
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_axe	        dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_axe	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_axe	

#dream_god_pickaxe
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_pickaxe	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_pickaxe	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_pickaxe	

#dream_god_shovel
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_shovel	    dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_shovel	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_shovel	

#dream_god_hoe
dreamland:dreamdust	            dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dream_power_core	
dreamland:illusory_hoe	        dreamland:chaotic_crystallization	    dreamland:unnamed_hoe	
dreamland:dream_power_core	    dreamland:dreamdust	                    dreamland:dreamdust	
out>>dreamland:dream_god_hoe	

